Mr. Xu
The Shen family's charity dinner is about to start
I hope you can attend
I want to introduce you grandly the first two times.
The difficulty was interrupted by you
So this time I hope you don't refuse me.
I feel free
But I'm going out now to do one thing first
Master Cai Jie, what do you want to say?
Under the tree
Lin Fengzi, that old horse
The Symbolists sent someone to target the Lord
Is not hands on
Don't have to
Just wait and see
You just practice
No matter who comes
All must die
Yes go
What you say can control our order.
Are you here to be a watchdog?
Don't think you have climbed Shen Tingting
You can judge things
You're just a little white face, aren't you?
How dare you insult Mr. Xu like that
There is no need to talk about signing an order.